Update docker compose install instructions docker compose v2 (#1103)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/installation/server-setups/docker-compose.md

### 1. Install Docker

> This can vary depending on the Linux distribution used. You can find detailed instructions [here in the Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/). The below example is for Ubuntu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can vary depending on the Linux distribution used. You can find detailed instructions in the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/){:target=_blank .external-link}. The following example is for Ubuntu:
```

### 3. Install Docker-Compose

> This can vary depending on the Linux distribution used. You can find detailed instructions [here in the Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can vary depending on the Linux distribution used. You can find detailed instructions in the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/){:target=_blank .external-link}.
```
